[Example 13] Multi-robot system with lifecycle management (#417)
ros-controls/ros2_control_demos: doc/index.rst

Example 12: "Controller chaining"
   The example shows a simple chainable controller and its integration to form a controller chain to control the joints of *RRBot*.

> Example 13: "Multi-robot system with lifecycle management"
>    This example shows how to include multiple robots in a single controller manager instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example 13: "Multi-robot system with hardware lifecycle management"
   This example shows how to handle multiple robots in a single controller manager instance.
```
